*21 HP, not 24*
Mother = Celeste
Father = Sol

Was born and grew up in [[Nature's Time]], Brightlands.  Grew up under the unfavorable king (from 6 y.o.) w/ high ranking scholars as parents. Mother nominated as a [[Nature's Time |Time Keeper]]. Mother was head of research, so she needed to seek any and all information. She worked in [[Nature's Time |Elara's Sanctuary]].  One of her many tasks was to intake and decipher any submission to the tree and determine whether it should be submitted to the library within. Father worked w/ mom in sanctuary escorting her and acting as general security. Family did a lot for the community & served Natures Time for many years. My parents were unhappy with the system in place during the [[Nature's Time |Years of the Rotting Clock]], but stayed in the classes they were assigned. Fathers job morphed into "keep the lower class out" which made him unhappy, though he was forced into it anyway. He sometimes got into arguments b/c he was a protector of the people instead of the upper class. This caused an incident where he got into a fight with another branch and killed a council member. Due to this, he was banished from the city and it was forbidden to contact him. Mother was able to avoid consequence due to her influence as one of the best in the city, but her branch was branded as one of killers. The branch still stood firm though. One day though, my mother disappeared and no one could fill the spot as I was too young and none in the branch were as good as her. The branch was dismantled and I couldn't find a place to relocate to, so I was pushed down to the slums. Despite this, I still searched for knowledge living as best as I could. Eventually I befriended [[Alex]]. I was sort of taken in by the family b/c I had no where else to go. Alex and I almost never left each others side as a kind of brother. I was no longer looked down upon as harshly because I was under the soldiers & Alex's protection. At 15 y.o.  I was able to sneak my way to the upper regions with hopes of speaking to [[Violet |the new Time Keeper]]. I found out where they had their head of operations and was able to get in weirdly easily as no one was around. I found very little proof of research in this branch to the point that I thought that this was the wrong place. As I try to leave I am confronted by her. She acted as if nothing were out of the ordinary and introduced herself as [[Violet]]. When I told her my name, She knew of me and started asking a flurry questions about it. Before I knew it she invited me to join the branch. She wouldn't give a straight answer on why she invited me, but I ended up joining to the dismay of Alex who didn't trust her.